[NARRATOR] All pirates searching
for the treasure One Piece
must brave the second half
of the Grand Line.
These wild and dangerous seas
are known as the New World.
Gold Roger and his crew
were the only men to ever
chart these waters and
learn all the secrets they held.
For the rest of the
pirates in the world,
this has proven to be
the end of the road.
A graveyard of dreams.
[NARRATOR] Now, Monkey D. Luffy,
a boy whose body became rubber
after eating the Gum-Gum Fruit,
sets sail into the New World
with his faithful crew.
I'm gonna be the
King of the Pirates!
[NARRATOR]
In order to defeat one of the
Four Emperors of the New World,
the Straw Hats formed
an alliance with Law
intending to destroy a Devil
Fruit Factory in Dressrosa.
In response, Doflamingo trapped
the kingdom inside a barrier
and challenged
all present to a game.
[NARRATOR]
As the Straw Hats do battle with
the fierce fighters of
the Don Quixote Family,
Luffy and Law rush
to the royal palace
to take down Doflamingo himself.
Within moments,
you'll be food for the worms.
You worked hard, but for what?
Well. It doesn't
have to be for nothing.
[DOFLAMINGO]
Trafalgar D. Water Law.
Come on, don't let
that power go to waste.
This is your final shot.
So listen.
You've been given a chance
to change this world.
So. Do the Perpetual
Youth Surgery.
Put that Op-Op Fruit
to good use.
Then you die. And...
Since I'm a fair man,
in exchange, I'll grant you
whatever you desire.
[TREBOL]
Now that's generous!
[LAW]
Whatever.
My wish is for you
to bring back Cora.
[LAW] And when you're done,
I want you to lick the asses
of every last person
in this kingdom.
The Straw Hat Pirates
have performed
countless miracles
along their journeys.
[LAW] Someone like you never
had a chance of stopping them.
Also, you're wrong if you think
you can get Caesar back!
[LAW groans]
Doflamingo!
[LUFFY]
Hey. Traffy!
Where's all this
blood coming from?
Where'd your arm go?
Hey! Traffy!
Hang in there! Hey!
[DOFLAMINGO]
What, you can't tell? He's dead.
You'll pay for this,
you bastards!
And now, we end this game.
Mingo!
--[LAW] Wait.
--[gasps]
[LAW]
Listen carefully, Straw Hat.
Oh no.
It's moving. I knew it!
Those killer strings!
They're closing in!
[TOWNSPEOPLE screaming]
[TOWNSMAN A] The strings're
cutting through those building
like hot butter!
They're gonna fall!
[TOWNSMAN C]
Run away!
[TOWNSPEOPLE screaming]
[TOWNSMAN D] The edge of
the town isn't safe anymore!
[TOWNSMAN E]
Hurry! Faster! Faster!
[TOWNSGIRL A gasps]
[TOWNSMAN F]
Go downtown!
[MARINE A] We've got an
emergency here on the north end.
The Birdcage started
moving all of a sudden
and everything's
getting shredded!
[MARINE B]
Same thing here in the west!
[MARINE C] Reporting from
Carta, in the east.
The Birdcage is moving
as the reports say!
[MARINE C] Everyone is fleeing
to downtown in a panic!
[DOFLAMINGO]
No one will survive.
[DOFLAMINGO] They'll all be
butchered, sooner or later.
Oh, I'm sorry.
The rules have changed.
I've decided to play
a different game now.
[LUFFY] You're still
calling this a "game"?
Just listen.
The Birdcage that surrounds
the kingdom started shrinking,
pulling in to
the center, bit by bit.
[LUFFY gasps]
[DOFLAMINGO] Think of it like a
giant umbrella, closing slowly.
[gasps]
[TOWNSPEOPLE screaming]
[DOFLAMINGO] It'll cut through
everything in its path.
The entire kingdom.
As for how long that'll take...
Well, about an hour, I'd say.
[chuckles] They have nowhere
left to go. They're finished.
[TOWNSPEOPLE screaming]
Run away! If you stay here,
you'll get cut up!
Doflamingo!
This is your kingdom!
This is cruel! It's pure evil!
Here it comes! Keep going!
[TOWNSPEOPLE screaming]
Check for citizens at
the edge of the kingdom
and bring them to
the center, quickly!
[MARINES]
Yes, sir!
Need help?
Yes. Thank you, sir.
The Birdcage is closing in.
C'mon, we'll head downtown.
[MARINE H]
We moved the people at risk
from the edges of the kingdom,
but we have to keep going!
Let's go! Follow after me!
The strings are coming, hurry!
[PIRATE A] Hey, could
somebody untie us, please?
Just the feet is fine, okay?
Have mercy! I don't wanna die!
[USOPP] What? The Birdcage
is shrinking? No!
Hey, Birdcage, stop it!
It seems to be so.
Awful!
What should we do?
We've suffered enough
already! Zoro, help!
And we were winning
all our fights, too!
You can't pull the rug
out from under us now!
[ALL gasp]
We finally made it out of
that dungeon after
all this time.
And now we're in a new cage?
There has to be someplace
safe we can run to!
How could he do
such a heartless thing?
Is there no depth you won't
sink to, Doflamingo?
The Birdcage is gonna dice up
the whole kingdom at this rate!
We're all done for!
Our home, too!
[SAI] I'm seeing a lot of smoke
and hearing a lot of rumbling.
There's no way this is good.
At this point, I don't
know what we should do.
Another rotten trick.
Should've expected this.
Doflamingo!
Hurry it up, Luffy!
Just kick his ass and
get this mess over with!
You're our only hope!
[KIN'EMON] Indeed!
Thwart him swiftly, my friend!
It must be difficult
to have so much resting
on one man's shoulders.
[groans] Sir Luffy!
Please, prevail!
Everyone will die
if you do not succeed!
[chuckles]
I won't spare a single
rotten life in this kingdom.
[DOFLAMINGO] They aren't
worth a thing to me.
Not since they
discovered the truth
about how I've been
running this place.
[DOFLAMINGO] Every building,
every person, every animal.
All your miserable
little allies.
And finally, you will die.
[laughs]
[DOFLAMINGO] Although I suppose
some of your friends
have died already.
The good doctor passed away
just a moment ago.
[DOFLAMINGO] So much for
your "pirate alliance"
with dear old "Traffy."
[DOFLAMINGO chuckles]
[TREBOL laughs] He was pathetic.
Wish you'd been here to see!
Oh, poor Law.
Dummy should've known better
than to mess with his old pals.
[TREBOL laughs]
Dressrosa's last hour.
[DOFLAMINGO]
Should be fun.
Oh, but no need to
worry about me.
I'll build a new kingdom.
Yeah? Screw that!
All I gotta do is kick your ass
and everything'll be fine!
I'm starting to
think that you're
not paying attention
to me, Straw Hat.
[gasps]
[LUFFY yelling]
Now, Fallbright!
[DOFLAMINGO]
You never learn, do you?
Bullet String!
Gum-Gum...
Go ahead. You'll die
just like Law!
[LAW]
Shambles!
[DOFLAMINGO gasps]
[DOFLAMINGO]
Law?!
Sorry, but nobody's
dying here except you!
Go!
[yelling]
This operation will destroy
your body from the inside out!
[groaning]
Gamma Knife!
[DOFLAMINGO yells]
[groaning]
Gamma Knife!
[DOFLAMINGO yells]
[gasps] Doffy!
Law!
You were supposed to
be dead, you big cheater!
And how can you do
an Op-Op attack
without making a Room?!
I did. We're in
a Room as we speak!
[LAW] It'll shave some time
off my life, I'm sure,
but I made a Room so big
that you can't see
the end of it from here.
What? But that's crazy!
All I did was in preparation
for this moment!
[LAW groans]
[pants]
[LAW]
That wasn't enough to kill me!
Shambles!
And the "Heart Pirates"?
You think I didn't notice?
What're you trying to say here?
[DOFLAMINGO] You refused
to accept the heart seat.
Then you bear the mark
of the heart anyway?
Why?!
[LAW]
Sorry to have you take my place.
I'll patch you up later.
Doflamingo!
And Shambles.
[LUFFY gasps]
[gasps]
[LUFFY]
Hey. Traffy!
Where's all this
blood coming from?
Where'd your arm go?
[DOFLAMINGO]
What, you can't tell? He's dead.
Mingo!
--[LAW] Wait.
--[gasps]
[LAW]
I'm alive.
Listen carefully, Straw Hat.
Don't turn around!
I have a plan!
[LAW] You can't defend against
an attack from inside!
[groaning]
[LAW] Even you can't
counteract this technique!
Doffy! You're a king!
A king never falls to his knees!
You little bastard!
[LAW]
It's no use.
Even if you kill me,
you're done for.
You think I won't
kill you anyway?
[yells]
You forget about me?
Now Gum-Gum Jet Stamp!
[LUFFY yells]
Oh no!
[groans]
Doffy! Are you okay?
This is all wrong!
There's no way!
Our mighty king can't lose to
a pair of small-fries like them!
Want more?
[LAW]
Straw Hat! Hold on!
Traffy.
[TREBOL laughs]
You can still climb the ladder
even if you're a kid.
As long as you
play your cards right,
Doffy'll promote you.
Just don't waste his
precious time. Best of luck!
[DIAMANTE]
Law, was it?
This guy who just came back
is an Executive like us.
His name is Corazon.
He may come across as
a thick-headed clutz,
but truth is, he comes from
a powerful bloodline.
[LAW]
Cora.
[DOCTOR A] No, no! No!
The lead's gonna get us!
Please leave us alone,
you white monster!
We don't want your
gross disease! Go away!
Give up. I'm getting sicker.
I can't take anymore!
Shut up! We'll find the cure.
[ROSINANTE] You may have stabbed
me, you little shit. But...
It didn't hurt at all.
You were the one who was
actually suffering back then.
I just wanted to
fix things for you, Law.
Let me do it.
Hey! Just take it easy!
[ROSINANTE]
Hey. Law?
I love you, kid.
It has to be...
me who does this.
[LAW]
Room!
[LAW] Cora. I can finally
make your dream come true.
[LAW]
It's over, Doflamingo!
[NARRATOR]
Despite the deadly operation
that Doflamingo
received from Law,
he refuses to submit to defeat.
With Law at his limit,
Luffy must carry
on in his stead,
matching his Conqueror's spirit
against Doflamingo's own.
Now, the battle of
the ultimate Haki begins.
[LUFFY]
On the next One Piece!
I'm gonna be
King of the Pirates!